hey tomorrow Time magazine will name
their Person of the Year for 2019 which
is exciting they've whittled the
finalists down to five which are
President Trump
Nancy Pelosi the protesters in Hong Kong
Greta tun Berg that's not a joke wrong
with you people I'm sorry I use
profanity and the list is crazy anyway
because we all know the person of the
year is baby Yoda this year right
[Applause]
announce the name at six o'clock
tomorrow morning it's gotta be Trump
right how could it how could he not be
personally he's all we talked about if
it's Nancy Pelosi he's gonna go nuts
tomorrow he is he will send SEAL Team
six the into time headquarters Aviva
whether he gets personally or not Trump
is definitely getting impeached this
year this was another historic day in
Washington as not one but two articles
of impeachment were announced by the
chair of the House Judiciary Committee
representative George Costanza today in
service to our duty to the Constitution
and to our country the House Committee
on the judiciary is introducing two
articles of impeachment charging the
President of the United States Donald J
Trump with committing high crimes and
misdemeanors
sorry that's Jerry Nadler after Jerry
Nadler made the announcement his fans
were chanting gonads gonads they call
himself the gonad lers and it's a really
a great group but so Democrats are
charging Trump with obstruction of
Congress and abuse of power which who
would have ever imagined that the guy
who bragged about being able to walk in
on contestants and his beauty pageant
while they're changing clothes would
abuse his power it's shocking really
but Trump lashed out immediately of
course he said the articles of
impeachment were weak articles he
tweeted he's done nothing wrong it's a
witch hunt read the transcripts he did
all his hits but it makes no difference
the house will vote to impeach possibly
as early as next week and then the case
will go to the Senate Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell has not indicated
when the trial will be held or how long
the trial will last but he did announce
that the verdict will be not guilty so
McConnell and Trump
they've reportedly been arguing about
how the trial should go McConnell wants
to do it quickly but Trump wants to take
as much time as possible it's like The
Tortoise and the hare piece but the
president reportedly wants to turn his
impeachment into a show into a dramatic
event because he believes this will hurt
Democrats
there's talk he may even get Sean Spicer
to dance the merengue at this thing but
why would he even have a say in how the
trial goes he's the one on trial you
know the Republicans are screaming that
the process is unfair as the defendant
is telling them how long he wants the
trial to last
he went with all this drama involving
Ukraine and Russia who do you think
Trump had at the White House today a
gentleman named Sergey Lavrov who is the
Russian Foreign Minister
they really don't miss a trick last time
Trump was with this guy in the Oval
Office was a 2017 this is the time he
inadvertently shared highly classified
information with the Russians this time
all he gave him was the Colonel's secret
recipe so consider oh when the press was
not invited to this meeting today but
the White House claims that Trump warned
Lavrov about Russian interference in the
election he said you guys have better
not meddle in this election
wink wink and I'm sure they won't why
would they do that to our friend but it
was a tough Tuesday for Trump he had a
long day of impeachment articles he got
a harsh scolding from his own director
of the FBI and he had to kiss Russian
ass Trump couldn't take it anymore he
marched out to the White House lawn and
had a word with reporters after dark I
think it's a disgrace that people can
make him Beach man out of nothing that
was a perfect conversation
if you look at Mark Levine he analyzed
the conversation one of the great
constitutional lawyers many of them have
they were perfect conversations there's
nothing to a beat John what's going on
here is like the penguin is holding a
press conference because that orange
face and then for Evan all it's like a
harvest moon or something and then with
that off his chest the president
journeyed out into the darkest never to
be seen or heard from again he just kept
walking toward the monument and there he
goes I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and illustrated
it all the money I make most to
children's hospitals across the country
so you know what to do